feat: `rover graph lint` and `rover subgraph lint` (#1620)
apollographql/apollo-cli: src/error/metadata/codes/E042.md

> This error occurs when a schema file has lint rule violations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs when a schema file has lint rule violations.
```

> The schema you're linting has violated some fo the rules configured for your graph. Fix the errors and rerun the lint command to verify the violations have been addressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schema you're linting has violated some of the rules configured for your graph. Fix the errors and re-run the lint command to verify the violations have been addressed.
```

Reviewer: would be good to link to the lint documentation as well

Author: Updated text and added link
